PURPOSE:
	It can be used by whoever wants to write/read information faster.
	I thought it could be useful for people like Steven Hawking as they write using their eyes.

Before reading it, please understand that (time) or things like "3 am" can be converted to normal sentences like
"my iphone shows 3 am", to sentences that include an object and an action performed by this object. 

--------1.
There are three types of relationships between actions/actions performed by some object.

We can indicate them by using a single letter for each type and so make language easier & shorter.
All indicators of tenses can be replaced by "now" + one of these letters.

1) 
Something happened/will happen after something else happened.
"A" stands for after.

We can use "A" to delete past/future simple/perfect, before, after, then, a case of "by", some phrases:

i will buy icecream --> now A i buy icecream ("now A" replaces the future tense)
i bought icecream --> i buy icecream A now ("A now" replaces the past tense)

"I had completed my work before you arrived." --> "I complete my work A you arrive A now"
I will have cleaned my room before my parents come home --> now A I clean my room A my parents come home
We'll leave after lunch --> now A lunch A We leave	            
Please send us the payment by tomorrow --> Please send us the payment A tomorrow
I'll throw the ball, then it will be your turn --> now A I throw the ball A it is your turn

It's past 7:00 --> 7:00 A now 	
He got to the shop later than she did --> She get to the shop A he do A now
Colombia needs reform sooner than that --> Colombia needs reform A that

2)
A thing happened because another thing happened.
"C" stands for consequence.

We can use "C" to delete a case of "Past Perfect", so, because, due to, thanks to, a case of "since, after, as", why, 
			 some verb prepositions, some verbs, some phrases:

I had done my homework, so I went to visit a friend --> I do my homework C I go to visit a friend A now
I like you because you are kind --> you are kind C i like you
The traffic jam was due to a terrible accident at the intersection --> a terrible accident at the intersection C the traffic jam A now
Jonh has been saved thanks to one little boy's bravery --> one little boy's bravery C Jonh is saved A now

Since they were all dressed up, she assumed they were going to church together --> they are all dressed up C she assume they are going to church together A now
He decided to go to the conference in Barcelona, as he was in Spain anyway --> he is in Spain anyway C he decide to go to the conference in Barcelona A now
After winning the prize she became famous --> she win the prize C she become famous A now

(the fact that there's no action before "C" means the speaker doesn't know what comes 
before, and so the listener can add it)
"Why are you going home? - Because i am tired" --> " C you are going home - i am tired"

I apologize for my husband --> my husband C i apologize
She congratulated us on our test results --> our test results C she congratulate us A now
The girls giggled at the joke --> the joke C the girls giggle A now
etc.

Obesity Stems From Racism --> Racism C Obesity 
The flood caused great hardship --> The flood C great hardship A now
His volunteer work in the hospital led to a career in nursing --> His volunteer work in the hospital C a career in nursing A now
etc.

He still felt responsible for her death --> her death C he still feel responsible A now
She may be guilty of murder --> maybe she C murder
For some reason, the curtains were shut —> C the curtains are shut A now 
For some inexplicable reason she was attracted to Patrick —> C she is attracted to Patrick A now
For no reason at all men started to laugh --> C men start to laugh A now

3)
Combining 1) and 2)

Deleting second/third conditionals:

if i won the lottery, i would travel a lot —> if now A i win the lottery C i travel a lot
if you had studied, you would have passed the exam --> if you study C you pass the exam A now

4)
A thing is happening while another thing is happening.
"P" stands for parallel.

We can use "P" to delete when, while, meanwile, as, during, on, at, in, 
	                 tenses when period indicated:

She came to my house when I was taking my dinner --> I take my dinner P she come to my house A now
When are you going on holiday? - This saturday. --> P you are going on holiday? - This saturday.
You can set the table. Meanwhile, I'll start making dinner. --> You can set the table P I start making dinner
As I was walking down the street, I saw Julie --> I walk down the street P I see Julie A now
I will be washing the car when he leaves --> now A I wash the car P he leave 

She swims every day during the summer --> she swim every day P the summer
Her birthday is on 20 November --> Her birthday P 20 November
The stars shine at night --> The stars shine P night

The astronauts explored the moon in the 1960s --> The astronauts explore the moon P 1960s
Next year i will buy a house --> Next year P i buy a house
I have just done my work --> I do my work P just
etc.

--------2.
Small things

1)
We can change "I've been swimming since I was three." to "I swim since I was three." 

"i swim" refers to the fact that i swim now and "since" refers to the fact it started happening when i was three and
there's no indication that it stopped happening so we assume it still happens. If we wanted to indicate it ended we could
say "i swimmed since i was three".

2)
"he does it in his usual manner"
There are two indications of "he" in a single sentence. First is "he" itself, second is "+es".
--> "he do it in his usual manner"

3)
"I see two cats"
There are two indications of the fact that the word "cat" is plural. First is "two", second is "+s".
--> "I see two cat" 

4) 
In order to shorten interrogative sentences verb and pronoun can be swapped. Example: "have you seen him?".
For some reason english doesn't use this technique for Simple Present/Past.

Examples:
"did you like me?" --> "liked you me?"
"do you like me?" --> "like you me?"

5)
Replace "there's" by "to have"

There is a sofa in the room --> in the room has a sofa
there are two chairs near the table --> near the table has two chairs 

You can see them as "the place near the table has two chairs", "the place in the room has a sofa".

Also:
There is something important to deal with --> i/we(depends on the context) have something important to deal with
